MODELINE FUNCTIONAL TEST PLAN

1-MODEL LOADING:
-The user can reload another file at any time-

a.Load corrupted or empty file -> shows an error the user understands

b.Load valid but small dataset (LESS than 10 rows) -> everything works correctly but splitting is not
performed and metrics regarding the test are not shown/saved (because it doesn't exist) and the user is
informed that they don't have enough information. The same when loading said model as joblib, everything
works correctly but without the test part.

c.Correct data is displayed in Dataset Info

d.Load valid and large dataset/joblib file -> The following requirements are met

e.Check this point with several datasets from HuggingFace (test in Spanish for encoding as well)


2-VARIABLE SELECTION:

a.Correct operation of features/target selection flow:
-Selected variables do not appear in the other selection list.
-The columns of the dataframe in the main content are painted according to the changes made
in features/target and there are no problems even if the displayed rows window is changed.
-Selection is not allowed if there are no free variables left.
-Only numeric
-Smooth experience

b.Any change in variables resets all changes further "down" in the flow
(whether it's splitting, seed, or even retraining the model)

3-NULL HANDLING

a.All possible options work correctly and the changes are reflected
in the main content dataframe

b.A change in features/target correctly resets the dataframe and allows handling
NAs from scratch.

c.Feedback (positive or negative) is returned to the user after preprocessing.

d.Check that the constant input allows the user to introduce only a numeric value,
and otherwise an error will raise.

4-SEED AND SPLIT

a.Check with the same variables, seed and split, if the same results are returned
on 2 different occasions. Then change the seed and split percentage to see
if different results are obtained but not very different in metrics.

b.Any change in seed/split percentage resets all changes further "down" in the flow

c.On small datasets only the seed can be modified

5-MODEL CREATION AND VISUALIZATION

a.Both the formula, metrics and graphs are consistent with each other and with
the dataframe in question.

b.For models with 1 or 2 features, in addition to the predicted vs actual graph, the
regression graphs are shown with the test or train points (2D and 3D respectively).

6-PREDICTIONS

a.Test various predictions and that they give the correct result based on the formula
(Example, all features to 0 -> returns the bias)

b.Test both with a newly created model and with a loaded one

7-SERIALIZATION AND DESERIALIZATION

a.Make sure it gives an error if you try to download the file without a name

b.Check that the loaded data matches the saved model data

c.Try to load a joblib model of a different type than the ones ModeLine creates and
make sure it gives an error

8.VARIOUS EXPLORATORY TESTS