Dear PyGUI 
According to its documentation Dear PyGui "is an easy-to-use, dynamic, GPU-
Accelerated, cross-platform graphical user interface toolkit (GUI) for Python."

Between the key features of this framework are: It provides many traditional GUI 
elements like buttons, menus as well as dynamic plots, tables, and interactive drawings. 
Besides, allows you to create both fast, simple and interactive interfaces, but also 
complex graphical applications. It offers you the chance to control the exact location 
and aspect of every part of the GUI, making it more flexible than PySimpleGUI. Lastly,
its built on GPU and OpenGL, enabling fast visualizations

Some of the drawbacks are that is harder to learn and use, compared to PySimpleGui. 
Another problem of Dear PyGUI is the lack of examples and documentation, making it 
more difficult to understand.


In the link below we include a showcase of what Dear PyGui is capable of doing:
https://github.com/hoffstadt/DearPyGui/wiki/Dear-PyGui-Showcase 

To start you can view its tutorials or explore its demo: dearpygui.demo.show_demo() 

PySimpleGUI
PySimpleGUI aim is to simplify GUI application development for Python. Referring 
to its web "PySimpleGUI helps you create graphical user interfaces easily, the 
way coding in Python is supposed to be!" 

One of its main attractions is that it offers a wrapper around other existing 
frameworks like Tkinter, Qt, WxPython and Remi, what allows you to easily migrate 
from one GUI framework to another by simply changing the import statement.

There is a fair amount of good resources to help you learn to use PySimpleGUI, including
and official cookbood and a Udemy course. What's more, this framework was originally 
made because the lead developer wanted a 'simplified' GUI to use in his upcoming project.

Some of the limitations of this framework are that it does not have as much control
over the the exact placement and appearance of GUI elements and that it is not optimized
for highly dynamic or graphic-intensive application like Dear PyGuil

This is an example of the code to create a simple app:
 
import PySimpleGUI as sg


layout = [
    [sg.Button("My simple app.")]
]

window = sg.Window("Hello World", layout)

while True:
    event, values = window.read()
    print(event, values)
    if event == sg.WIN_CLOSED or event == "My simple app.":
        break

window.close()


